what you do is who you really are
I'm not saying that the decisions you
make reflect who you really are
I'm not even saying that they define who
you are I'm saying in the most direct
and blunt sense possible you are what
you do if you have some sensitivity to
this fact this underlying tragedy of our
lives as human beings on earth I think
you start to live a very gathered very
focused very disciplined lifestyle
whether you think of yourself as sex
positive or sex negative whether you
think of yourself as a sexual or
polyamorous or put yourself in any other
category the consciousness that what
you're doing is who you're becoming it
makes you profoundly concerned about the
consequences of your actions in the
formation of your own character and
similar parallel consequences for other
people that are in your life you know a
woman once tried to have sex with me in
a train station I turned her down
spoilers you know I didn't know she was
a tall slim good-looking woman
pretty faith and I was in the train
station to use the use the published
hours and this was made all the more
obvious because she had two friends with
her who were like egg you know yeah you
should go forever you should yeah like
you could you could go off her to get
into that guy's shower stall with him
kind of thing you know somewhat bizarre
situation if I had slept with that woman
if I chosen to sleep with her that tells
you something about the kind of man I am
and the fact that I refused tells you
something about the
kind of man I am also not necessarily as
simple as good or bad right or wrong
it's not as if such an affair would mark
me as evil for the rest of my life
but what what would it say about me what
would it say about me as a man if I were
willing to have sex with someone when I
don't even know their name when I know
nothing about them there might be guys
in the audience who say oh well yeah but
come on she was good-looking and it was
convenient it wasn't a lot of work for
you to go to Bursa
okay even if you add in that explanation
then what does it say about you that
you're willing to sleep with somebody
when when it's convenient he's just all
the other factors being the same so you
know I don't know if she's vegetarian or
vegan presumably not probably a meteor I
don't know she smokes cigarettes I know
anything about what kind of person she
is and your suggestion to me that it's
cool just because it's convenient there
are consequences those actions it
not even a say it changes who you are it
is who you are
there's nothing else okay I'm not gonna
say it reflects who you are
it is who you are there's nothing else
you're that guy who had sex with that
random stranger in a train station when
the opportunity presents itself I knew a
guy as a fully grown man but back when
he was a teenager he had lost his
virginity with the prostitute he paid to
fly to the Philippines and he served the
prostitute in the Philippines he was a
white guy sleeping with an asian
prostitute when he was a teenager that
was how he lost his virginity I think it
changed who he was forever and when I
knew him as many many years later it's a
fully grown man he came up to meet me
taking the train
this is the train that went from Bangkok
to just outside of the capital city of
Laos train didn't go all the way in
those days and
when he when he met me on that trip he
was all hopped up it was old he was on
this weird ego trip he was all excited
because there was a woman on the train
who was trying to sleep with him there
was a woman on the train it was saying
to him in effect to a language barrier
why doesn't he get off a train stop
earlier and going up sex there and based
on the way he told the story I just
asked him to look I'm sorry I'm noticing
some of the details of the story are you
sure this wasn't this woman wasn't a
prostitute just trying to turn to her
and he immediately said oh oh yes she
was you just he just omitted this
information click the story yeah this is
a woman who was trying to make money by
getting him to get off the plane I
stopped early I hope I hope she wasn't
also trying to rob him and take his
suitcase or something but assuming she
was an honest broker that yes this was
just a prostitute
you know look at this guy it's just it
just blows mine and he was he was like
really on an ego trip like he felt like
he was handsome or charming or special
because this woman was trying to have
sex with him and that's her job that's
how she earns a living right like if I'm
walking down the street and there's a
car salesman who tries to sell me a car
you don't happen to walk past one of
those places any guy says hey you know
do you want to take a look we have
especially this guy
I don't feel smart or special I don't
think this it's not because I'm charming
or handsome that this guy's offering to
sell me a car that's his business he'd
sell a car to anyone who was going to
pay or he described the advantages of
these different cars to anyone he's
going to listen this woman on it on a
train tried to sleep with you this guy
and and you're on an ego trip with that
but again that was a man who literally
lost his virginity with a prostitute in
Asia of course there are also questions
here by the way so the the prostitute he
lost his virginity with we don't know
maybe she slept with 40 people that
month maybe she's loved with a hundred
people that month it probably didn't
mean much to her when she took his
virginity probably we don't know it was
a speculation it's
easy to say that one more or one fewer
client for that woman that month changed
your life will wear the other but of
course in most of our interactions
romantic sexual personal and otherwise
you know there were at least two parties
involved who are going to be affected
who are going to be shaped by the
consequences of decisions you make for
the rest of our lives but in that case
in terms of that guy's psychology yeah I
do think his decision to sleep with just
he's decided to start sleeping with
prostitutes in Asia as a teenager and I
think it really that's who he was I
can't say it changed who he was because
even if I say that that like presumes
there was a different person there
before or maybe there's something
remaining in him that wasn't she know
that's it that's who you are dude face
up to it you know what um a lot of
people have said this sometimes an
insulting me like oh when I was living
in these places when I was living in
Thailand Laos and Cambodia that I was
surrounded by you know prostitution in
these cultures okay when I lived in
Thailand I was surrounded by Buddhist
monasteries I spent my time going to
visit Buddhist monasteries when I lived
in Thailand I was surrounded by museums
I was surrounded by manuscript Oriya
which is a fancy word basically meaning
an archive like a specialized library I
spent my time a lot of these places the
minute I got off the bus so the minute I
got out of the airport I took flight sat
there in Thailand sometimes the minute I
got out of the train station I was going
to the archives I was going to the
museums I was going to put us
monasteries and sometimes archaeological
sites ruins of old Buddhist monasteries
I was looking at stone inscriptions
seeing other words were formed and you
know the history of the language the
history the religion the history of
politics okay I was surrounded by all of
that stuff and that was what I chose to
do with my time because that is who I am
that's who I was then in my 20s and this
is who I am
now in my 40s and some other guy some
like sex to arrest or even this guy I
mentioned who started sleeping at
frosties new city he would go to those
same places and what he would see and
what he'd be interested in what he would
be responding to by the horse I think
that's that's what he might be doing
that I don't even know I don't even know
what percentage it is ninety percent of
people and sure it happened to me like I
would talk to other tourists talk to
other white people you know some
Europeans some American whatever and
they mentioned that they were going
through a particular town or city or
something and I'd say them oh you know
there's a really great museum there or
there's a great you know I mentioned
some historical site there's an
archeological site and they would have
no idea so oh wow I've been to that town
five times I had no idea that was a
museum there I had no idea there was an
archeological site there there was one
guy I talked to him in his office not
worth describing why but the office
let's say it was on the eighth floor
something was up up the fairly high and
I was looking at his window and I said
oh yeah I can almost see that 11th
century archaeological site from here I
was just there yesterday to go and see
there the first thing I did when I got
to him was going and this guy was blown
away he said why just down the road
there's a person he should
archaeologically I said yeah I rode my
bicycle there the other dance that's
what I care about this guy had lived
there for years he had an office there
for years you couldn't actually see it
from its from his window but I was just
checking oh yeah it's just a little bit
further down that way he had no interest
okay so and and yeah let's be fair to
Southeast Asia it's kind of cheap to say
oh if you live in if you live in Bangkok
Thailand you're surrounded by
prostitution if you live in Paris France
if you live in New York City if you live
in Los Angeles you're surrounded by
prostitution - okay that just may not be
culturally the main thing you you
associate with it okay so like in terms
of 21st century culture there are some
ways in which people may perceive me as
being tremendously sex positive and
there's some ways in which people might
perceive me as being very conservative
or very sex negative but I think that's
because both
of these categories do not really apply
to how I see the world okay this guy on
Sen comes on the internet he invites a
16 year old girl into his house to work
as his babysitter later when she's 18
years old he starts having sex with her
he cheats on his wife with her horrible
situation oh and let's not forget even
though she was over 18 he was the man
who took her virginity he was the first
person she'd ever had she'd ever had sex
with okay big long-term consequences for
her for the rest of her life just to
live with big long-term consequences for
him for the rest of his life that ends
liveth but the most fundamental one of
all is he has to face up to dude this is
who you really are now in a nisshin's
case we know this was not an isolated
event it's not something that just
happened once right but let's be clear
if you would sleep with a prostitute
just once that's who you really are if
you would sleep with a complete random
stranger in a train station when it was
convenient under these circumstances
that's who you really are yeah there may
be details like that like oh well you
know some people do some [ __ ] like this
like it's like oh well but I had just
broken up with my boyfriend my
girlfriend well that's also who you
really are you're someone who when you
were unhappy and feeling low self-esteem
because he just broken up with your
girlfriend or boyfriend then you would
this is all bundled into who you really
are in a Missi ins case it's not just
once she's been through roughly similar
situations with several very young women
whom he brought into his house and tried
to employ as babysitters and got
sexually involved with this same kind of
scenario played out also with Billy and
he apparently tried to set up this same
scenario love triangle scenario because
he's married at the same time again and
again and again so yes it is also a
proven pattern in this case but what he
has
to live with is that's who he really is
anyone who would judge this less harshly
than I do I'd ask you to think about how
you view it
if the genders were reversed right
anyone who hears my stupid anecdote
about that woman who tried to have sex
with me in a train station and by the
way the shower stall it was a it was
really it was big enough for a three
waves big enough for for a sex it was a
big private shower stall with with good
thick concrete walls by the way I
actually wasn't it was private enough it
wasn't the totally ridiculous situation
for someone to be tried to initiate sex
okay anyone who says oh well that's that
would be no big deal
for a dude to happen to meet and hook up
with a complete stranger at it attitude
what if I was the female what if you
were talking about me being a woman
who's willing to do that with men a lot
of these judgments I mean in a sense in
our society the gender inequality in
this in this limited context I think it
helps women because women at least look
at these things cumulative ly and and
think about how it defines them morally
and ethically whereas a lot of men that
have this sick mentality that life is a
competitive sport and that they're
literally going to score a point by
having sex with a stranger under those
circumstances which is from my
perspective really sick and evil and bad
and wrong it's a really bad way to see
the world what do you think the whole
world is the opposing team in a sport
that goes on forever until the day that
you die I think that is really sick and
bad and evil and wrong and yeah I think
almost at random some of the concerns
women have like hey if I do this now
what does that say about the kind of
person I am when I get out of this
shower stall what does that say about me
for the rest of my life I think that is
some of the kind of awareness and
conscientiousness and sense of
responsibility of the consequence
reaction that guys like anisia have to
have they have to be more sensitive to
the consequences for who they are
and obviously in this case with this
girl who starts off 16 and ends up 18
years old why can't you have some
concern about the consequences for her
for the rest of her life also I knew
someone who was a university professor
female female university professor and
she admitted to me that she wanted to
have sex with a male student which is
against the university's rules probably
illegal probably there's a law somewhere
now
the student was like 21 or older you
know this was not it's a university
context this isn't that child but there
is an absolute question of you know
Authority there's a question of your
moral obligations if you're a professor
so on and so forth and I think again in
terms of switching the genders if it was
a male professor and a much younger
female student people would right away
feel a sense of apprehension and people
might be more inclined to make excuses
when it's a female professor and a male
student and I just said you were
straight up look this is evil you know
if you do this guess what kind of person
you are then you are the kind of
professor who will take your contract
and flush it down the toilet for the
sake of this kind of sexual tryst you're
someone who will violate your word your
oath of office these commitments you've
made these higher ideals you say you
believe in and serve you late all that
so you can sleep with this 21 year old
guy if you do this that is who you are
now just imagine I do not have a PhD
technically I'm still a university
student I have a BA at university but I
have served in the role of a university
professor in China I was hired to be a
professor of English of course there
were female students probably about 19
years old of course there were female
students 19 or 21 who wanted to sleep
me when I was a university professor
okay there are many reasons why I would
refuse many some of those reasons have
to do with the consequences you know for
the young woman for the girl some of
them are more complex that I'm not
really discussing in this video okay but
the most simple most fundamental reason
is the question of Who am I
who do I want to be okay because if you
do this if you cross this line forever
that is who you really are I can't even
say that your actions demonstrate your
character I can't say your actions
reveal your character I can't say your
actions are a judgment on your character
because that still presumes this kind of
bifurcation like there's a difference
between the face and the mask like
there's a difference between the
judgment and your character itself the
reflection if your dissol we're talking
about one thing here what you do is who
you are